>> Jason Pamental: This really kind of
covers the basics of adding this in here.
If we wanted to change the typefaces
that are being called here,
it actually would be
relatively easy to do.
We could go to Google.
>> Jason Pamental: You
could really kind of pick anything.
So, if we wanted to
change it from Plex to,
I don't know,
Merriweather that's a nice type face.
And down here customize it, so we can get
regular italic and bold and bold italic.
And this will give us this link to CSS.
>> Jason Pamental: So
if all I did was going here.
>> Jason Pamental: Come on and
instead of this file, paste in this,
and change this to Merriweather.
And then if I were to go in and
change this also.
>> Jason Pamental: Let's
make sure I have that naming right.
So let's go back over and
check, yep, Merriweather.
Save that, if I go back and
reload that page, it's
probably just the body copy that's
gonna change because I didn't get the,
I didn't change the headers.
So you can see how long it was taking
to load that type face because I still
have that band width throttled but I can
easily go and change that as well here.
>> Jason Pamental: So let me close that
out, so we don't have to have
the artificial throttling.
But, so this is now rendering in
Merriweather.
>> Jason Pamental: And
it's using the same process.
So, if we check under the network tab and
look at the fonts that are loading.
So you can hover over these things and
it'll show you that it's
coming from Google.
So you can see that they're
actually loading properly.
So it's really easy to change that code,
which you drop in from whatever
service you're loading things from.
The rest of this stuff works
in exactly the same manner.
So obviously, there would be
a few things that would be off.
Like toggling the web fonts on and off.
You can see it's not tuned for
Merriweather.
So I have to kind of go back and
do that same little tweaking but
it would be just a few values to shift.
You can see the H1 is
actually relatively close.
Little bit of horizontal spacing but
it would be pretty close to
occupying the same space.
So this framework is
actually pretty solid.
You'd be able to copy and paste a lot of
the same stuff into any other project and
then just change out the source of
the fonts that you want to load.